Update set-variable.mdx (#1213)
baptisteArno/typebot.io: apps/docs/editor/blocks/logic/set-variable.mdx

For this you can provide the following custom code:

```js
function getLocation() {
  return new Promise((resolve) => {
    navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition(
      position => resolve(`${position.coords.latitude}, ${position.coords.longitude}`),
      error => resolve("error"),
      { enableHighAccuracy: true, timeout: 5000 }
    );
  });
}

const coords = await getLocation();

// Check for error
if (coords === "error") {
  return "Unable to get location";
}

return coords;

> ```
> Make sure to select "Exacute on client" is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This custom function can only work when it is executed on the client browser so you need to make sure to enable the "Execute on client" option.
```
Make sure to select "Exacute on client" is selected.
```
